Update: 0
Update: 0
Update: 1
updateNumOfPlayers start
  ok
  current state: 1
  numberOfPlayers: 0
updateNumOfPlayers end
Update: 1
updateNumOfPlayers start
  ok
  current state: 1
  numberOfPlayers: 0
updateNumOfPlayers end
Update: 1
updateNumOfPlayers start
  ok
  huh.StateCompleted
  current state: 2
  numberOfPlayers: 1
updateNumOfPlayers end
Update: 2
characterSetupForm == nil
initCharacterSelectForm start
initCharacterSelectForm end
m.characterSetupForm.Init()
returning
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
Update: 2
charDoneMsg
m.characterSetupForm != nil
updateCharacterSetupForm start
  ok
updateCharacterSetupForm end
